Orbs content author intro/structure rework (#4526)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/orb-author-intro.md

Hundreds of orbs are available from the [Orb Registry](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/). Existing orbs are developed and maintained by a variety of authors: CircleCI, our technology partners, and the open-source community. Search the registry for the technology or service you would like to integrate with your projects.

If you want to join the community and author your own orb, the documents in this section are for you. If you manage multiple similar projects, consider abstracting out your config with orbs.

Practice with [inline orbs](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/orb-author/#writing-inline-orbs). Inline orbs can be defined within a single config file for easy and quick testing.

Orb Authors agree to our [Code Sharing Terms of Service](https://circleci.com/legal/code-sharing-terms/). All published orbs are made available publicly on the Orb Registry under the [MIT License agreement](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). For more information, see [Orb Licensing](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/licensing).

## Key Concepts

> Orbs take [reusable configuration](({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/reusing-config/)) and package it in a way that can be published to the [Orb Registry]() so that they may be imported in multiple configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orbs take [reusable configuration]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/reusing-config/) and package it in a way that can be published to the [Orb Registry]() so that they may be imported in multiple configuration files.
```

---
## Introduction to Orb Authoring

> [Orbs]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/orb-intro/) are [reusable packages of CircleCI configuration]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/reusing-config/), enabling you to create parameterized commands, jobs, and executors that can be [used across multiple projects]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/using-orbs/).

Reviewer 2: I think we want to link to `orb-concepts` here, rather than `using-orbs` ... I think the content is identical but we decided to bin the whole "using orbs" section...

> Hundreds of orbs are already available on the [Orb Registry]({{site.baseurl}}/orbs/registry/), written by CircleCI, our technology partners, and the open-source community. Search the registry for the technology or service you would like to integrate with for existing orbs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hundreds of orbs are available in the [Orb Registry]({{site.baseurl}}/orbs/registry/). Existing orbs are developed and maintained by a variety of authors: CircleCI, our technology partners, and the open-source community. Search the registry for the technology or service you would like to integrate with your projects.
```

> Want to join the community any author your own orb? If you manage multiple similar projects, consider abstracting out your config with orbs!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to join the community and author your own orb, the documents in this section are for you. If you manage multiple similar projects, consider abstracting out your config with orbs.
```

Practice with [inline orbs](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/orb-author/#writing-inline-orbs). Inline orbs can be defined within a single config file for easy and quick testing.

> Orb Authors agree to our [Code Sharing Terms of Service](https://circleci.com/legal/code-sharing-terms/). All published orbs are made publicly available on the Orb Registry under the [MIT License agreement](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Orb Authors agree to our [Code Sharing Terms of Service](https://circleci.com/legal/code-sharing-terms/). All published orbs are made available publicly on the Orb Registry under the [MIT License agreement](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
```

> _See [Orb Licensing](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/licensing)_

Reviewer 2: Move this into the last paragraph - "for further information, see ..."
